supports/integration-test/README.md, before:

# Integration Test 


## Pre-requests
### Python Environment
Python 2 (2.6 or higher) with `requests` installed.
```
python --version
pip install requests
```

### HDFS and SSM Environment
Make sure SSM and HDFS are correctly installed. Before executing test scripts, please set SSM's IP address in `util.py`.
```
BASE_URL = "http://{SSM_Server}:7045"
```

`{SSM_Server}` is the IP address of SSM.

## Init/Rest Test Environment
1. Remove all files in hdfs:/test/
Run this command in HDFS enviroment.
```
HDFS dfs -ls -rm -r /test/
HDFS dfs -mkdir /test/
```

2. Create 10000 files (1MB) in hdfs:/test/

```
python reset_env.py -v
```

3. Stop and start SSM with formatting database

```
bin/stop-ssm.sh
bin/start-ssm.sh -format
```

## Run Test Scripts
### 1. Test Mover
Run all mover test cases with the following command:
```
python test_mover_10MB.py -v
python test_mover_64MB.py -v
python test_mover_1GB.py -v
python test_mover_2GB.py -v
```

### 2. Test Rule
Run all rule test cases with the following command:
```
python test_rule.py -v
```

### 3. Test Data Protection
Run all data protection test cases (read, delete, append and overwrite files during moving) with the following command:
```
python test_data_protection_1GB.py -v
python test_data_protection_2GB.py -v
```

#### Corner Cases of Data Protection

1. Test File Statue when move fails
Set a very small SSD/ARCHIVE storage on datanode. Then, move a large file to it. Then, you can see only a few or none of blocks are moved to this storage. Check if file are still readable with read action.

### 4. Test Stress/Performance
Run all stress/performance test cases with the following command:
```
python test_stress.py -v
```

If you want to increase the number of files in `hdfs:/test/`, please remove all delete file actions in `test_stress.py`.
```
for i in range(max_number):
    cids.append(delete_file(file_paths[i]))
```

Commit message:

Set "/ssmtest/" as HDFS test directory, add scalability test script (#1477)
* Replace "/test/" with "/ssmtest/" for HDFS test directory.
* Add methods for creating 100M/500K 0KB files in `reset_env.py`.

supports/integration-test/README.md, after:

# Integration Test 


## Pre-requests
### Python Environment
Python 2 (2.6 or higher) with `requests` installed.
```
python --version
pip install requests
```

### HDFS and SSM Environment
Make sure SSM and HDFS are correctly installed. Before executing test scripts, please set SSM's IP address in `util.py`.
```
BASE_URL = "http://{SSM_Server}:7045"
```

`{SSM_Server}` is the IP address of SSM.

## Init/Rest Test Environment
1. Remove all files in hdfs:/ssmtest/
Run this command in HDFS enviroment.
```
HDFS dfs -ls -rm -r /ssmtest/
HDFS dfs -mkdir /ssmtest/
```

2. Create 10000 files (1MB) in hdfs:/ssmtest/

```
python reset_env.py -v
```

3. Stop and start SSM with formatting database

```
bin/stop-ssm.sh
bin/start-ssm.sh -format
```

## Run Test Scripts
### 1. Test Mover
Run all mover test cases with the following command:
```
python test_mover_10MB.py -v
python test_mover_64MB.py -v
python test_mover_1GB.py -v
python test_mover_2GB.py -v
```

### 2. Test Rule
Run all rule test cases with the following command:
```
python test_rule.py -v
```

### 3. Test Data Protection
Run all data protection test cases (read, delete, append and overwrite files during moving) with the following command:
```
python test_data_protection_1GB.py -v
python test_data_protection_2GB.py -v
```

#### Corner Cases of Data Protection

1. Test File Statue when move fails
Set a very small SSD/ARCHIVE storage on datanode. Then, move a large file to it. Then, you can see only a few or none of blocks are moved to this storage. Check if file are still readable with read action.

### 4. Test Stress/Performance
Run all stress/performance test cases with the following command:
```
python test_stress.py -v
```

If you want to increase the number of files in `hdfs:/ssmtest/`, please remove all delete file actions in `test_stress.py`.
```
for i in range(max_number):
    cids.append(delete_file(file_paths[i]))
```
